OBSDOCS-433: fix-wrong-annotation-for-thanosrulerconfig-4.12 (#63825)
openshift/openshift-docs: monitoring/config-map-reference-for-the-cluster-monitoring-operator.adoc

[options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description

> |apiVersion|string|Defines the API version of Alertmanager. Possible values are `v1` or `v2`. The default is `v2`.

Reviewer: Could this be the case?
```suggestion
|apiVersion|string|Defines the API version of Thanos Ruler. Possible values are `v1` or `v2`. The default is `v2`.
```

Author: No. The issue that this PR addresses was that Alertmanager was mistakenly listed as a component in the thanosRulerConfig settings.

Reviewer: Thank you for the explanation.
